it's that time again do the jingle a
really good one okay good but you know
it's nearly time for the Winter Olympics
again is it okay they sort of come
around every four years this year is it
yeah and the last one that happened four
years ago yeah there was a there's a bit
of an incident Oh No do you member any
winners to a monkey so anyway it'll be
that because it wouldn't be true so
anyway one of the popular events
bobsleigh days it for men or for men is
fought with Stephanie for men that you
need to and there's two team bobsleigh
but they're always men is that right
Ritter who just clarify with the Winter
Olympics you can't have any animals
taking part now and there and also no
because they wouldn't be allowed and two
there's no where they can disguise it
because not only would they see you
straightaway right but they have blood
tests show up so they definitely know if
it was very intense it's impossible it
would be literally impossible to have
anything other than the human take over
in a bobsleigh team fight okay so carry
on so anyway the the country was doing
really well in the qualifying stages but
the problem was there was there was like
two members mmm who were getting all
like the press and stuff all right
anyway so this one member was getting
fed up because the other two were
getting all the press and what-have-you
so he said I'm happy with this yeah
I'm jacking it in so they were like you
joking we've qualified we're getting
into like the main race and everything
you can't leave us now and he said well
you could do it all on your own before
you know you the way you were acting
like you didn't need me so I'm going so
the clock's ticking it's getting close
to the big race and everything's you
they're like what we gonna do is
substitute they took with them you know
a lot of injuries and just get a mate to
do it just get a maid or the coach do it
yeah but you know there's a lot of
responsibility on these people and you
know you let your country down and that
what we're gonna do get waiter or anyway
anyway the time comes to the race seems
to be three people on it there appears
to be three okay they start off in
whizzing around the track faster than
normal deeply beat in the roll record
but I raise it because the new fellow
they've got a little bit smaller
ah is he is he in the pub sigh was he
pushing he's in it alright he's wearing
a uniform in a helmet nobody knows who
he is but he's loving it was there like
well it looks like we're gonna break all
our records you know good it's good that
we found someone you yeah but the other
feller who left he's sort of kicking
himself in our to be part of this
anyway this wasn't that bloke that very
short legs and long arms was it anyway
what happened is they're whizzing around
the track in my view faster they're
faster than ever and the press are like
going beating all records they started
taking photographs a lot of flashes from
the cameras and start the course
suddenly the bobsleigh goes a bit sort
of mental and whizzes off the track
ambulance comes rushing over and stuff
the other two members are looking pretty
nervous for some reason
they're saying look don't tell the
element off because you know you can do
more damage to thee then we'll don't
tell the paramedics how to do it just
just you know and plus you know it
doesn't it came in that last minute to
help was out it doesn't want everyone to
know he is he's after the limelight hmm
like some of the members we used to out
but you just need just was helping this
country out yeah leave the ailment on
anyway they get him in the ambulance and
stuff the other two are looking a bit
worried and what I've you didn't gutted
they lost it right little blow is the
bloke not saying anything as he sees in
the ambulance now
is he not saying anything though anyway
worried that one of the ambulance
drivers said that that on that on that
sort of dreadful night when you know the
country lost out on a medal in the
bobsleigh he saw reported that there was
a monkey in the back of the ambulance
people like going are you Joe well this
is it you see because he sort of swept
it under the carpet
don't raise it all shit one store
absolute shit where this crazy talk is
crazy talk and it's from the mouth of
karl Pilkington and and but the but the
weird thing is that backed it up
following week there was a story some
people who visited the zoo saw a chimp
in the neck